I think that I want to immediately towards the operation check
I think that I want to check the operation by connecting concert from usb
The sd card to be used is a message card by 30 brothers in class j .
I hope to do it
Then turn on the power
Yes The opening screen started in English
Basic time is longer
Star gold goes
It started automatically, and by the way, it is a great 1080p with a 32 giga sd card.
If it is 30 frames, 400 characters of 400 characters and 60 frames of 720 p will be 560 minutes
It seems to be able to take 120 minutes if it is 30 frames of 720 p
It is taken Jizo , but I would like to go to head menu Kobe
here we go
I know Botton and the media works
Once again
I'm going to press the button
new button has been entered
I entered the menu screen I want to see the head manual
The top is the resolution
The
Yes this is a frame with 1080p 3
720p 60 frames they choose 30 frames of 120p
It seems like a bell but I want to share it with 60 frames of 720 p this time
I think that
Jizo recording mode to enter
This is I think I want to turn on
This is a microphone
Registration is tax
When
In Edo sound seems to be recorded
It becomes a clock here
And the current time
13 years
January 20
Is it
11:00 there
5 minutes
Is not enough
Rank determination
At the end of the clock
The recording screen and in Toba year
peach
Whether to display the date
Yes off corresponding do or off Kaa
Followed by a slide show
Day and Masu 1 bottle here in whether or not to disable the continuous playback
Volume control
Tochiro large
I think I want to keep 100 par came seems to volume at the time of reproduction
It became larger operation
Here is the shock automatic recording Oh!
g or sensors or weak moderate or react because the 8 high
The first in the middle
This seems to be mode switching
The top of the floor is
It is said that it is the mode that it will start to hear 96 when it shows intense vibration
The middle is usually
It seems to start emergency recording when heavy vibration of the car is detected in mode
The in the bottom
53 If there is no change in the industry
I make frame one frame
It seems
I stood first with this smart
Hotel time setting in smart mode
Display the smart mode and to 3 minutes
Do you let
First a minute is ah
This is the liquid crystal on or off
Soy tofu him on the head of the liquid phase
If there is no d seconds operation is on the liquid crystal screen off Ricoh to those sleep
Color Image Hotel
This Oita
This exposure value
Well it is 0
This is the language setting
Something Kedomo I like some variety would let you use in English
This is Jizo Regeneration Anode
On or off
The rest is the format of ed format sd card
Ah
Let's do this
More
Yes 2 TV system with water
Especially the ntsc method
Pierre method
Both stsc methods are suitable for US squadrons in Japan and Korea
It seems that the pal method applies to Germany entering water Italy Netherlands China Hong Kong
Whether or not to return to the factory default settings
And here is the litter mode
It was recorded in the corps
It is I think I want to take
Here is the video of the drive recorder
Can you shoot properly
How much is the angle of view ?
stop
I am big with me
Efforts are recorded automatically and to be presented the button is so is started
Yes it might be helpful? Izumio operation check was